[CSA-24] Updated documentation for CSA-24 shunt compensator set-point (#79)
farao-community/farao-community.github.io: pages/docs/input-data/crac/json/network-actions.md

🔵 **injection set points**: list of 0 to N InjectionSetPoint  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🔴 **network element**: id is mandatory, name is optional  

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🔴 **setpoint**: double, new value of the injection in MW  
> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🔴 **unit**: Unit, unit of the InjectionSetPoint  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🔴 **setpoint**: double, new value of the injection  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🔴 **unit**: Unit, unit of the InjectionSetPoint (MEGAWATT for generators, loads and dangling lines, or SECTION_COUNT for linear shunt compensators)  
```
